Documentation/performance/loadtest (#610)
vdaas/vald: docs/performance/benchmark.md

# Benchmark

This document will show and explain the benchmark of an approximate nearest neighbor on the Vald cluster, such as [ann-benchmarks](https://github.com/erikbern/ann-benchmarks), and also explain how to perform the ann-benchmark test on your Vald cluster.

If you want to perform load testing on the Vald cluster, please refer to [this document](loadtest.md).

> <!--

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
// TODO: uncomment out when unic_bench.md is created.
```

We also created a guideline of the unit benchmark testing, please refer to [this document](unit_benchmark.md).
-->

## Overview

In this document, we will perform the [ann-benchmarks](https://github.com/erikbern/ann-benchmarks) on Vald cluster.

> The test will perform on the whole Vald cluster, which means the request will broadcast to multiple Vald agents instead of single Vald agent, and return the aggreated result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The test will perform on the whole Vald cluster, which means the request will broadcast to multiple Vald agents instead of a single Vald agent, and return the aggregated result.
```
